# Product

## Vision of Platform:

Key Mantra's:

"I’m a strong believer in that repetitive routine work is your enemy. Why?

1. **Reproducibility of results.** Have you ever heard of a so-called human factor? We are very error-prone creatures and we are not good at memorizing something in great detail. The more human work some process involves the harder it will be to reproduce it in the future.
2. **Mental distractions.** Deep learning is an empirical endeavor and your progress in it relies deeply on your ability to iterate quickly and test as many hypotheses as you can. And due to that fact, anything that distracts you from your main task, — training and evaluating your models or analyzing the data, — negatively affects the success of an overall process.
3. **Effectiveness.** Computers do many things a lot faster than we, humans, do. When you have to repeat the same slow procedure over and over it all adds up.

Routine is your enemy" - Alexander Reshytko, Pytorch Lightning


**Vision Statement**:
The platform must simplify the human interaction experience. 




## Product Introduction - The Common Use Platform - PINKIE 'Pinky'

*"Pinky is the secondary antagonist of Animaniacs, the overall titular main protagonist of Pinky and the Brain,".."He's a white lab mouse with an open-minded and empathetic personality, and he is the sidekick of Brain."*

PINKIE, or formally 'Propelling Inclusivity in New Kubernetes Intelligence-retrieval Ecosystems' is the partner to The Brain



"Are You Pondering What I'm Pondering?"
